docs: redirect to correct repository name (#325)
pymc-devs/pymc4: README.md

> # NOTICE: Official development of this project has ceased, and it is no longer intended to become the next major version of PyMC. Ongoing development will continue on the PyMC3 project (pymc-devs/pymc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTICE: Official development of this project has ceased, and it is no longer intended to become the next major version of PyMC. Ongoing development will continue on the [main PyMC repository](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc).
```
